docs/unified-test-documentation/test-matrix.md: add VP4620 test matrix (#116)
Dasharo/docs: docs/unified-test-documentation/dasharo-compatibility/30A-custom-network-boot-entries.md

# Dasharo Compatibility: Custom Network Boot entries

## Test cases

### CNB001.002 Only one iPXE in boot menu

**Test description**

> This test aims to verify that thenetwork boot option with iPXE appears only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This test aims to verify that the network boot option with iPXE appears only once.
```
